University of Chicago Online Consent Form for Research Participation

Study Number: IRB19-1395
Study Title: Human memory & cognition
Researcher: Wilma A. Bainbridge, PhD

Description: We are researchers at the University of Chicago doing a research study about how human sensation (vision, audition) and memory interact. During this study, you will see visual stimuli (e.g., images, videos, text) presented on a computer monitor, and/or hear sounds (e.g., music, tones, voices, sounds from a video) through headphones or speakers. You will respond to the task instructions with a button press, typing, mouse movement, drawing, or speaking through a microphone. You may also be asked to complete questionnaires that assess cognitive abilities. Participation will take less than 1 hour. Your participation is voluntary and you can withdraw at any time. Depending on the experiment, you may receive between $6-$10/hour for your participation.

Risks and Benefits: Taking part in this research study may not benefit you personally, but we may learn new things that could help others. Your participation in this study does not involve any risk to you beyond that of everyday life.

Confidentiality: The researchers will not know your name, and no identifying information will be connected to your survey answers in any way. The survey is therefore anonymous. Anonymous data from this study may be used for future research studies or shared with other researchers for future research without your additional informed consent. If you decide to withdraw from this study, data collected up until the point of withdrawal may still be included in the analysis.

Contacts & Questions:
If you have questions or concerns about the study, you can contact the Principal Investigator Dr. Wilma A. Bainbridge at bainbridgelab@uchicago.edu. 

If you have any questions about your rights as a participant in this research, feel you have been harmed, or wish to discuss other study-related concerns with someone who is not part of the research team, you can contact the University of Chicago Social & Behavioral Sciences Institutional Review Board (IRB) Office by phone at (773) 702-2915, or by email at sbs-irb@uchicago.edu. 

Consent: 
Participation is voluntary. Refusal to participate or withdrawing from the research will involve no penalty or loss of benefits to which you might otherwise be entitled. 

Please email mkramer1@uchicago.edu either "AGREE" or "DISAGREE" to give or refuse your consent to participate in this study. 
